神奇!英男孩捡到一个从鼓浪屿来的漂流瓶_网易教育

An 11-year-old boy who was beachcombing had a big surprise when he discovered a message in a bottle washed up on the sand.一11岁大的男孩在海边捡贝壳时获得一个意外发现：他在一只冲上沙滩的漂流瓶里发现了一张纸条。Jack Harrington and his mum Nancy were walking their dog on Silver Bay Beach in Anglesey when he spotted the glass bottle containing a scroll of paper written in a foreign language.杰克・哈林顿和妈妈南希在安格尔西岛的银湾泳滩遛狗时发现了这只玻璃瓶，里面装有一张写着外国语言的卷纸。Nancy thought the writing was in Chinese and managed to find a friend to translate it.南希觉得上面的笔迹像是中文，就想办法找到一个朋友帮忙翻译。The text contains a story of love and loss and appears to have come from Gulangyu Island an island off the coast of Xiamen city in southern China.里面的内容是关于一段爱和离别的故事，故事貌似是发生在鼓浪屿――中国南部厦门附近的一座岛屿。If the bottle really did come from the island near Hong Kong, it would have floated thousands of miles around the world.如果这只瓶子的确是从香港附近飘过来的话，那它就绕着地球漂洋过海了几千公里。The translated message译文："Gulangyu islet is the most surprising, most memorable, and the place of both my happiest and saddest memories.鼓浪屿也许会是我这辈子最倍感意外、最难以忘怀、埋藏我幸福及悲伤回忆的地方。At this unromantic and unremarkable islet, my romance that never started, ended.在这个称不上浪漫，亦平淡无奇的小岛上，我们迎来了从未开始，却无疾而终的爱情。Three or maybe four days remain, to reminisce, to regret, to feel our emotions, where I can be allowed to quietly enjoy being with you, watching you, holding you close.三天，亦或是四天?有留恋，有遗憾，有感动……总能让我静静享受与你一同虚度的时光，看着你，牵着你，紧紧的不放开。Life must continue. The things you hold on to always hold you back. Keep moving forward, keep running. With all the things there are to think about, you will eventually forget.生活总要继续，牵挂的东西多了，总会有羁绊。向前看，向前走，好多东西，不去想，终究会遗忘。There is a famous saying: There s nothing you can do about it, so face reality.有句话说的好：“当你无能为之时，只能面对现实。”You need to be happy. Don t get too skinny, don t feel the need to change yourself. If you want to be a good person, there s no need to change, as you re already there.你要开心点儿。不要太瘦，不要总想着改变自己。如果你想成为一个更好的人，那你就不用改变了，因为你已经很棒了。Wherever you may be, take time out to think in peace and quiet. Spend your days being happy with someone who is special to you.无论你身在何方，都抽时间静静想一想。和你心爱的人一同开心的生活。Bye, my little sweetie, and goodbye to our Gulangyu islet.再见，我的爱，再见，我们的鼓浪屿。

 
图注：明信片原片。中英文非完全对照，大家别太较真==

 本文来源：新东方  
责任编辑：张丹_NQ5312