金正恩前女友露面 曾被传已遭处决(双语)_网易教育
早前被传遭到处决的金正恩绯闻前女友、朝鲜歌手玄松月近期在电视上露面，令处决传闻不攻自破。
据《每日电讯报》5月17日报道，早前被传遭到处决的金正恩绯闻前女友、朝鲜歌手玄松月近期在电视上露面，令处决传闻不攻自破。据朝鲜中央电视台报道，牡丹峰乐团团长玄松月于16日在平壤召开的全国文艺工作者大会上发表了演讲。她表达了对金正恩领导的感激之情，并誓言要更加努力工作，以“促进文艺及创意事业之火熊熊燃烧”。此前数月，曾有怀疑称她已遭处决。日本朝日新闻与韩国媒体于去年九月称玄松月、牡丹峰乐团成员及部分朝鲜国家音乐家已遭射击队处决，原因是他们曾录制彼此间的性爱录像。韩国国家情报员院长南在俊称他在十月份也获悉了处决的相关信息，令此前的报道显得更加真实。“我们获悉牡丹峰乐团有大约10名成员遭到处决”，据韩国联合通讯社报道，两位韩国议员曾在一次非公开议会会议上这样转述过南在俊的话。朝日新闻称，针对国家表演艺术家执行的处决并不常见，此番可能是为防止第一夫人李雪珠的流言扩散。李雪珠曾身为艺人，此前有传言称其生活作风堕落。朝鲜对此愤怒回应，称该报道为“不可饶恕”的罪行。朝鲜官方媒体中央通讯社称报道纯属胡言乱语，是韩国政府及媒体出于对朝鲜的敌意而恶意编造的谎话。为证明流言虚假，朝鲜电台还于去年十月播放了一段牡丹峰乐团的音频。A North Korean singer said to be Kim Jong-Un's ex-girlfriend and rumoured to have been executed last year has appeared on state television, apparently alive and well.Pyongyang's state TV showed Hyon Song-Wol, the head of a band known as Moranbong, delivering a speech at a national art workers rally in Pyongyang on Friday.She expressed gratitude for Mr Kim's leadership and pledged to work harder to "stoke up the flame for art and creative work".Her appearance came after months of speculation about whether or not she was alive.Japan's Asahi Shimbun and South Korean media said in September that Hyon, members of the Unhasu Orchestra and other state musicians had been executed by firing squad for taping themselves having sex.South Korea's spy chief Nam Jae-Joon added weight to the reports when he said in October that he was "aware" of the alleged execution."We are aware of the execution of some 10 people associated with the Unhasu Orchestra", two lawmakers quoted Mr Nam as saying at a closed door parliamentary session, according to Yonhap news agency.The Asahi said the rare execution of state performers had been ordered to prevent rumours spreading about the supposedly decadent lifestyle of Ri Sol-Ju, North Korea's first lady, while she was an entertainer.North Korea angrily denied the reports, calling them an "unpardonable" crime.The North's state news agency KCNA said the reports were the work of "psychopaths" and "confrontation maniacs" in the South Korean government and media."This is an unpardonable, hideous provocation hurting the dignity of the supreme leadership," a KCNA commentary said in September.In an apparent attempt to prove the rumours untrue, North Korean radio in October aired a performance by the orchestra.相关图集：


本文来源：中国日报网